1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression?
Values:
'hello' (string)
-87.8 (float)
6 (integer)
Expressions:
- (unary operator)
/ (binary operator)

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
String: A string is a data type used to represent text, enclosed in quotation marks (e.g., 'hello' or "world").
Variable: A variable is a name used to store a value or reference. It can hold different types of data (such as integers, strings, etc.), and its value can be changed during the program's execution (e.g., x = 10).

3. Describe three different data types.
Integer: Whole numbers, positive or negative, without decimals (e.g., 10, -5).
String: A sequence of characters, usually enclosed in single or double quotes (e.g., 'hello', "world").
Float: Numbers that have a decimal point (e.g., 3.14, -87.8).

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
An expression is made up of values, variables, operators, and/or function calls. Expressions are evaluated to produce a result, which can be a number, string, or any other data type depending on the context.

5. This assignment statement, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Expression: An expression is a combination of values, variables, and operators that can be evaluated to produce a result. Example: 3 + 5.
Statement: A statement performs an action or assigns a value. It doesn't necessarily produce a value itself. Example: spam = 10 is an assignment statement.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?

bacon = 22
bacon + 1

Answer: bacon will still contain the value 22. The expression bacon + 1 does not assign the result back to bacon. To update the variable, you would need to write bacon = bacon + 1.

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam' results in 'spamspamspam' (concatenation).
'spam' * 3 results in 'spamspamspam' (repetition of string).

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
eggs is a valid variable name because it starts with a letter and follows Python's naming conventions.
100 is invalid because variable names cannot start with a number. They must start with a letter or an underscore.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
int() – Converts a value to an integer.
float() – Converts a value to a floating-point number.
str() – Converts a value to a string.

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?

'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Error: The error occurs because you cannot concatenate a string ('I have eaten ') with an integer (99).
Fix: Convert the integer to a string before concatenating:

'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'

